README.md, before:

# QFlow

QFlow is a Kubernetes-native dataflow system for running quantum circuits and integrating their results into classical pipelines. It is designed to be practical, minimal, and easy to explore for developers interested in quantum workflows.

## Project Structure

- **frontend/**: Simple HTML interface for viewing QFlow custom resources and pipeline status.
- **qflow-backend/**: API backend serving pipeline and resource status to the frontend.
- **qflow-operator/**: Kubernetes operator managing QFlow custom resources, running quantum jobs, and updating results.
- **qflowc/**: Compiler for the QFlow DSL. Converts OpenQASM or QFlow DSL files into Kubernetes CRDs for use with the operator.
- **qsim/**: Standalone quantum circuit simulator. Used by the operator, but can be run independently.

## Quickstart

Run a quantum circuit example with the simulator:

```bash
cargo run --bin qsim -- --input-file qsim/examples/bell.qasm --output-file results.json
```

Compile a QFlow DSL file to a CRD and apply it to your cluster:

```bash
cat qflow-operator/tests/dag-test.qflow | cargo run -p qflowc | kubectl apply -f -
```

## Next Steps

- Explore the `examples/` folders in `qsim/` and `qflowc/` for sample circuits and workflows.
- See individual component READMEs for more details.

Commit message:

submissions for SVM should work. refactored the UI to have separate html and JS files

README.md, after:

# QFlow

QFlow is a Kubernetes-native dataflow system for running quantum circuits and integrating their results into classical 
pipelines. It is designed to be practical, minimal, and easy to explore for developers interested in quantum workflows.

Some of the capabilities include:
- **Quantum Circuit Execution**: Run quantum circuits using a simulator (by default, uses my own).
- **Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs)**: Define quantum workflows and tasks using a simple DSL.
- **Kubernetes Operator**: Manage quantum jobs, track their status, and update results in the cluster.
- **Frontend**: A simple HTML interface to view the status of quantum workflows and resources.
- **Compiler**: Convert OpenQASM or QFlow DSL files into Kubernetes CRDs for use with the operator.
- **Quantum Circuit Born Machines (QCBM)**: Initial support for running QCBM experiments.

## Project Structure

This repo is a Rust Workspace containing several components that work together to provide a complete quantum dataflow solution:

- **frontend/**: Simple HTML interface for viewing QFlow custom resources and pipeline status.
- **qflow-backend/**: API backend serving pipeline and resource status to the frontend.
- **qflow-operator/**: Kubernetes operator managing QFlow custom resources, running quantum jobs, and updating results.
- **qflowc/**: Compiler for the QFlow DSL. Converts OpenQASM or QFlow DSL files into Kubernetes CRDs for use with the operator.
- **qsim/**: Standalone quantum circuit simulator. Used by the operator, but can be run independently.

## Quickstart

Run a quantum circuit example with the simulator:

```bash
cargo run --bin qsim -- --input-file qsim/examples/bell.qasm --output-file results.json
```

Compile a QFlow DSL file to a CRD and apply it to your cluster:

```bash
cat qflow-operator/tests/dag-test.qflow | cargo run -p qflowc | kubectl apply -f -
```

# Why?

In the past, I've enjoyed writing my own quantum simulators (last time in Go) and various types of programming languages.
An ambitious project like this also allows me to combine quantum computing, Rust, Kubernetes and machine learning in a single project.
As I often have limited free time, this kinda let me tackle a few things at once. 

I've always loved taking complex problems and making them simpler for users. When applied correctly, abstractions can make
it easier for users to reason about what the actual problems they are looking to solve are.


## Next Steps

- Explore the `examples/` folders in `qsim/` and `qflowc/` for sample circuits and workflows.
- See individual component READMEs for more details.


# Up Next
- Working on some automation to make it easier to get up and running with QFlow (something like `make deploy`)
- Adding more documentation and examples
